>>DAVID WILCOCK:
Welcome to Disclosure.
I'm your host, David Wilcock.
And boy, do we have a
show for you this time.
The really cool thing
about Rich Dolan,
who I'm interviewing
in this episode,
is that he was at a very
groundbreaking event called
The Citizens' Hearing
for Disclosure,
or CHD, organized by the
attorney Stephen Bassett.
At that hearing,
probably the star witness
was the former Canadian
Defense Minister Paul Hellyer.
And he's openly
coming out and saying
that multiple groups
of extraterrestrials
are interacting with the
Earth, that some of them
have actually been allowed
to walk around on Earth.
They look basically like us
but they're a little taller
and they have paler skin.
And Rich Dolan published
a video interview
that is also discussed
in the citizens' hearing
with an insider
who was apparently
given the task of
potentially doing
a military invasion of Area 51
by the President of the United
States.
If that doesn't get you
excited, nothing will.
Now you can go watch that
original video interview
online, and we'll give you the
instructions in the interview
of how to do that.
But here we're discussing the
information that was given
and the greater implications.
This is very, very
interesting UFO information.
And because of these
high level appearances,
Rich Dolan has now risen
right to the top of the crop
in the field of ufology.
So check it out.
All right, Rich, welcome back.
The gods have granted us
another episode, so here we are.
>>RICH DOLAN: Fabulous.
>>DAVID: So I was really
interested by the reference
that you made to a
breakaway civilization.
Up until now, what
we've discussed
is, just to go through it
in chronological sequence,
we had three months after the
US is thrown into World War II,
and we've got all these
tensions on the west coast
because a major military base in
Hawaii has been blown to hell.
There's Japanese
boats off the coast.
And then this gigantic
craft comes in,
seems to have a bubble
force field around it,
and they're shooting these
massive artillery rounds at it.
You said it was 1,000--
>>DOLAN: 1,430.
>>DAVID: That's a lot.
>>DOLAN: Yeah.
>>DAVID: And those are
not quiet when they shoot.
It's a very loud--
and so everybody's
going outside.
A whole entire city
of millions of people,
going outside saying,
what the heck is going on?
And people are seeing what?
>>DOLAN: Well, they're seeing--
many of them are
seeing an object.
That's the whole point
of this, that they're
trying to shoot down.
>>DAVID: And it's a
flying craft in the sky.
>>DOLAN: Yes, it's an
object of some sort.
And it was of substantial size.
>>DAVID: How big, do you think?
>>DOLAN: Well, I'm
trying to recall
what the estimate
would be, maybe 30 feet
diameter or something like that.
I recall there was
analysis done by, I think,
Dr. Bruce Maccabee.
And if I'm getting
my facts straight,
I think he estimated it might've
been about 30 feet in diameter.
>>DOLAN: Decent size.
>>DAVID: So that
shows that there's
defensive locations for this
phenomenon that was really just
getting started at the time.
And then we didn't
talk about this,
but of course, the infamous
Kenneth Arnold sightings, 1947.
So why don't you briefly
go through that for us?
>>DOLAN: Well, Kennedy Arnold
is a big part of what kicked off
the whole flying saucer mania.
And our awareness
of flying saucers
comes from Kenneth Arnold.
He was a private pilot
living in the state of Idaho.
He later, by the way,
became a candidate
for lieutenant
governor of Idaho.
He was actually a very
respectable businessman.
People liked him.
He was flying an aircraft
in search of-- an airplane
had gone down in the mountainous
region, the Yakima Mountains,
and he was looking for a reward.
He was looking
for them and there
was a reward to find them.
So while he was out there, he
sees nine bright, reflective
objects moving at a very high
rate of speed in that region.
And I mean, they looked
unlike anything-- they
looked almost, he said, like
a kind of a crescent-shaped
is what he could detect.
They didn't look like
anything that we were making.
His thought might be that
this is an experimental type
of aircraft.
They're moving at a
very high rate of speed,
as far as he could tell.
He tried calculating.
He gauged it on the basis
of two known landmarks
that he knew were
50 miles apart.
And his conservative
calculation, he said,
was that they were moving
at 1,200 miles per hour.
The less conservative
calculation
moved it closer to
2,000, like 1,700.
So he lands, he talks about it.
There's press there.
He talks to the press,
and it gets out.
And he said that they
looked like saucers
skipping along the water.
That was their motion.
And they became known
as flying saucers.
That's how that phrase--
So Arnold kicked it off.
Actually, there was a
separate witness that same day
to what appears to be
probably the same phenomenon,
a guy named Fred Johnson.
He was interviewed by the FBI.
Anyway, that kicks off the
whole flying saucer mania.
And what you have
is for weeks, people
are seeing these objects.
Now one skeptical
way to look at it
would be that,
well, you know, it
becomes this media hysteria and
everyone's now hallucinating.
But actually it's not
the case, because we
have a number of military
sightings of these objects
very, very well attested
to, including of what later
became Edwards Air Force Base.
At the time it was
called Muroc Airfield.
And that was around the
time of the Roswell crash.
It was this major
sighting at Muroc seen
by a lot of military witnesses.
>>DAVID: What did they see?
>>DOLAN: Well,
there were actually
four separate
sightings on that day.
It was July 8th, 1947
throughout the late morning,
early afternoon.
>>DAVID: So this is the day
after the Roswell crash.
>>DOLAN: Yeah, I have to wonder
if there is a relationship.
There were many, many sightings
in the American Southwest
and out in the west.
>>DAVID: Because Kenneth
Arnold's happened late June,
and then you got Roswell
just a couple weeks later.
>>DOLAN: All very condensed.
The thing is, the
sightings never stopped.
You know, they've
continued in waves.
Sometimes you get more,
sometimes you get fewer.
But this has just been
something that's been with us.
And by the way,
before Kenneth Arnold,
we now know there were
a number of really
excellent, well-documented
UFO sightings.
In Europe the year
before, there were
what were called ghost rockets.
That was the name
they gave them.
But these were essentially
UFOs over Scandinavia
and going into a lot of Europe.
This is something that's
just been with us.
And then the farther
back you go--
I was in the Canadian National
Archives a few years ago,
and I found an
unbelievable case from 1936
by an elderly man writing in the
1980s about his event from all
these years before,
when he was doing
aerial mapping for the Canadian
government in the Northwest
Territories.
Now in 1936, this is
like the first time
you could actually
get aerial topography
over that remote region.
So his job-- cool job
when you're 25 years old--
fly over this region with
camera, take pictures.
And he had an aircraft
that could land on water.
So he said you know, I was
performing a preflight check
of my aircraft when,
for whatever reason,
I happened to look up--
and he saw it-- and
there I saw the most
magnificent configuration of
an airship one could imagine.
It was slightly elongated.
It made no sound.
Turned from north south, to
east west and just instantly
accelerated, was gone.
No sound.
The man submitted his military
records to the government.
I mean, he was on level, and it
was a really remarkable thing.
Now this is truly the
middle of nowhere.
Where this guy was was so remote
no one lives there to this day.
There's just nothing there.
There's a lot of fish there.
If you're a hardy soul
you can go up and fish,
but there's no cities, nothing.
And yet there was
something there.
And what's interesting
to me about that--
I don't mean to
get too off track
here, but it's just
a fascinating thing--
you know, he's all alone,
and there's this thing.
It's right there with him.
I mean, can we not assume
that it was observing him?
And can we also wonder if there
was a mind-to-mind connection
here?
This is one of the
new things about--
not new.
This is one of the things that,
in the last several years,
has really, engaged
me in this phenomenon,
is this mind aspect to it.
You know something made him
look up, and there it was.
And one finds in the
research over and over again.
Someone will have an urge
to get up in bed at 2:00
in the morning and
look out their window,
and they see an
orange glowing orb.
What's up with that?
Clearly there's
something happening.
They can get into our heads.
We can communicate in some
way or another with it.
And this is a very important
part of the phenomenon as well.
>>DAVID: So kids who have
been raised on the internet
probably don't have
the history of damage
of what appears to have been
a psychological operation
to instantly
demonize, de-humanize,
and ridicule anyone
who is a believer.
So do you think that--
because we were talking
about last time,
you started to
mention the concept
of breakaway civilizations.
>>DOLAN: Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
>>DAVID: Do you think there's
a psychological operation that
was done?
Is there any evidence of that
in the documents you saw?
>>DOLAN: Well, right.
So there is definitely a
psychological operation
that's being done in every
level of our society.
Look, when you have this many
people owning this much stuff,
they're going to want
to keep things that way
for as long as possible,
and that means PSYOPS.
That means through control
of propaganda media.
That means through distractions
and mindless public
entertainment and everything
else that goes along with that.
So now relating to
the UFO phenomenon,
absolutely there's been a
psychological operation.
I mean, we know this is a fact.
We know that back
even in the 1970s,
Carl Bernstein, the
journalist of Watergate fame,
made the scoop that there were
hundreds of CIA connections
within US mainstream journalism,
and he laid this out.
And then the CIA
quickly said, well,
we don't do that anymore in
their very legalistic fashion.
Of course they do.
And of course journalists
jump over each other
to have a relationship
with the CIA.
The fact is that there's
been an agenda since forever
on this phenomenon, since
they became interested
in it, to disable it to
the maximum extent possible
because they don't want
people taking this seriously.
The problem is we're
now in an era--
we're in an internet era, and
what's become clearly evident
is that people are fascinated
by this phenomenon,
and they've never truly
accepted the statements that
are coming down to them.
So we have this whole
alternate culture now
that has been developing
over the past 20 years,
where people are more
and more free to talk
to each other about this.
So what we have are
really-- we have what
I sometimes call
official culture.
That's what we're
supposed to believe.
And then you have
unofficial culture,
which is what people really
believe and talk about.
>>DAVID: Well, you
were right there next
to the former Canadian
Minister of Defense
at the Citizens'
Hearing for Disclosure.
>>DOLAN: Oh, indeed.
>>DAVID: Tell us
about Paul Hellyer.
What's his deal?
This is a high-level
government official, right?
>>DOLAN: He's a fascinating man.
He's in his 90s now,
and you talk to him
and he sounds like he's 65.
I mean, he's a remarkable guy.
>>DAVID: He's in his 90s.
Wow.
>>DOLAN: Yeah, just past 90.
It's just amazing.
Paul Hellyer was the
Minister of Defense
of Canada during the 1960s,
and in addition to that,
was just a very prominent
politician for many years,
member of parliament.
And I was actually
on at the event
where, in 2005, Paul Hellyer
came out, as it were,
to talk about his
conviction and his knowledge
that the UFO
phenomenon was real.
And now for the
past decade, he's
been out there
talking about this.
I was with Paul at the Citizen
Hearing on Disclosure in 2013
in Washington, DC, where
we gave a week of testimony
to retired members of Congress
about this phenomenon, which
was-- that was a great
moment in my life
personally to be part of that.
But Paul Hellyer is a man who--
>>DAVID: So he was the
defense minister, right?
He's responsible
for keeping Canada
safe from any enemy, the number
one guy for defense in Canada.
>>DOLAN: Well, what I
learned--this is interesting
you say this, because that
was always my assumption.
And what a Canadian
explained to me
is that during
that period of time
there were actually
two true ministers
of defense of the country.
They actually split the job.
And Paul Hellyer-- the
impression that I get--it's not
that he was totally
out of all the loops.
He wasn't.
But he was more of the public
face of minister of defense.
And there actually
was another gentleman,
whose name I cannot remember
off the top of my head,
who was doing a lot of the nuts
and bolts defense of Canada.
Kind of a weird situation.
But no, it is true,
Paul Hellyer was
Minister of Defense of Canada
and was absolutely privy
to a tremendous
amount of information.
>>DAVID: So he's not out
there, starting in 2005,
he's not saying, gee, I
wonder if they're real,
or some UFO sightings
might be real.
He's saying, look, I've
got absolute confirmation.
>>DOLAN: Well, it's
interesting, because he's always
claimed that while
in his capacity
as minister of defense, that
UFO data did not really come
across his desk, which I find
a little odd because there was
a lot of very
interesting UFO cases
that Canada had at that time.
But what he has said,
has always maintained,
is that in his retirement
he used his position
to speak with high level
US defense officials.
And actually the thing that
triggered him, he says,
is reading Philip Corso's
book, "The Day After Roswell."
And Corso, for people
watching may not know,
was a retired US
colonel who stated
that he was part of the team
that segway Roswell technology
to private defense.
And Hellyer read this
book and basically
had this oh my
god moment, I need
to know more, made
some phone calls,
talked to a number of
prominent people who said,
yes, that is true.
So that's actually where
Paul Hellyer is coming from.
>>DAVID: Corso has
this cardboard box
filled with things in
it like little wafers
the size of a quarter
that are actually
integrated circuits, computer
chips, before we ever had them.
And he starts farming it out to
companies like Monsanto and IBM
and says, hey, it's
foreign technology.
We got it from France, you know.
Just go have fun.
>>DOLAN: I guess we
could say more or less.
Yeah, yeah.
>>DAVID: It was a big
story at the time.
I mean, I remember I got
"The Day After Roswell"
as soon as it came out.
>>DOLAN: As did I. You know, the
original version of that book
had the forward by US
Senator Strom Thurmond.
>>DAVID: I've got that version.
>>DOLAN: Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
And it was kind of a
funny thing because Corso
had been Thurman's military
liaison to the Pentagon.
And I mean, Thurman loved him.
So Corso writes this
book, doesn't tell Thurman
that it's a UFO book.
He says, hey, would
your write my foreword?
And Thurman's like, sure,
I'll do that for you.
Then here comes the media,
and Strom Thurmond's desk is--
how old he is, maybe 123
years old at the time.
And he has to say I don't
know nothing about no UFOs.
And they pulled that
foreword immediately.
It was an embarrassment for him.
But yeah, he did,
and he said Corso's
an American hero, stand up guy.
Which Corso had a lot of respect
from people in the military
from everything that
they've been able to learn.
He writes this book about
segwaying Roswell technology
to the defense industry.
>>DAVID: And seeing
the bodies from Roswell
in these tubes with blue liquid.
>>DOLAN: Yes, he claimed
that he saw one alien cadaver
at Fort Riley, Kansas
back in 1947 on its way
to, presumably,
Wright Patterson.
>>DAVID: So you and I both know,
you read that book or you see
some of the video
testimonials of Corso--
he's now deceased-- there's
very little doubt in your mind
that this guy is
telling the truth.
>>DOLAN: I would to say
that's my assessment.
I never got to meet Corso.
I have spoken to a number
of people who knew him.
All but one, and that one being
John Alexander, said oh yeah,
Corso's totally on the level.
They believed him.
John Alexander is someone
that I've locked horns
with for many years.
I did a three-hour radio
debate with him one time,
and I will say I
cleaned his clock.
And if John is listening,
you know it's true.
But John Alexander
has always maintained
Corso was either deluded
or mistaken or just
fibbing or whatever.
>>DAVID: Well, let me
just toss in briefly
that the way I got into all this
was that a close friend of mine
got a disclosure from the
head of the physics department
at his university.
And this guy had worked for
NASA throughout the 1970s
at the high levels.
And this friend comes back to
my room-- this was in 1990--
it was early 1993--
comes in, and he's just white
as a ghost, has me sit down,
tells me UFOs are real.
They crashed.
Roswell was real.
We back engineered
the technology.
And I'm hearing this in '93.
>>DOLAN: Now who
is this guy now?
>>DAVID: This is a friend of
mine when I was in college,
and the head of the
Physics department
told him all this stuff
in a private meeting.
The head of the
Physics department
openly says to the class,
yep, Roswell really happened,
and the United
States government did
a study that said that because
of "War of the Worlds,"
the movie, that
there was a panic,
that people would freak out if
they think there's an invasion,
and that society
would break down.
So we concluded that we
have to protect the public
and not tell them the truth.
And he just drops
this out there.
And in the levels of
NASA that I worked in,
everybody knows it's true.
And my buddy was the star pupil.
>>DOLAN: Fascinating.
>>DAVID: So he gets a two-hour
teacher student conference
afterwards and gets this
whole download, which was
exactly what Corso had said.
And I've got probably
at least 50 people
I could tap as witnesses who
I told this story to years
before Corso's book came out.
>>DOLAN: Oh yeah.
Interesting.
>>DAVID: And Corso's book
did exactly the same thing.
Even right down to the
types of technology.
Lasers, LEDs, fiber
optics, Teflon, Kevlar,
infrared night vision,
computer chips, of course.
It's huge.
It's like the whole basis--
so much of our technology.
>>DOLAN: Our modern
civilization, so much of it.
Yeah, exactly.
No, it's just fascinating.
I mean, it just feels like we
live in this upside down kind
of reality where--
you remember in
"Alice in Wonderland,"
Alice goes down a little hole.
And she falls and falls
and falls and boom,
and she's in this crazy
world, Wonderland.
Well, I think that we
live in Wonderland,
like when we turn
on our television
or we listen to our
mainstream propaganda.
That's the illusion
that we're given,
when in reality, the real
world that we live in
is the world they're
trying to tell us is fake.
The real world we live in has
these things that we call UFOs,
and it has a lot of
other things as well
that are officially being
denied over and over again.
And I think it causes kind
of a cultural disease,
almost, like a mental
disease, when you're
living in the state of
denial where you have
to lie to yourself, because then
you don't trust your own eyes,
you don't trust evidence.
You only trust what
you're being told.
And that can't be
good for society.
>>DAVID: Well, you got a guy
like Paul Hellyer, a star
player in government coming out.
And you're there with
him at this--now what is
the disclosure hearing?
What was happening?
>>DOLAN: Yeah, the Citizen
Hearing on Disclosure.
This was organized by
my colleague and friend
Steven Bassett, who's been very
active in this type of issue
for many years.
And Steve put together
a week-long series.
It was like a week-long hearing.
It was like a mock
Congressional hearing.
And we had six retired
members of Congress,
one senator who presided.
>>DAVID: Were they
believers when this started?
>>DOLAN: No, they were not.
I think one might have been.
That's the sense that I had.
The other five were
absolutely either on the fence
or on the other side of it.
But they did it because they
got paid enough money to do it,
you know, like all
right, we'll do this.
Well, what happened was I
think I actually gave more--
I think I gave the most
testimony that week.
I gave six pieces of testimony,
and I led it off, in fact.
And I was with Paul
during all of that.
And our role was to present
as much compelling evidence
on this phenomenon
as we were able to.
And by the end of
that week, I mean,
one of the fascinating things
about this-- and people
could see this all on YouTube.
It's an amazing thing.
These members of Congress
were absolutely--
not a little bit--
they were totally won over
to the seriousness of this.
And they weren't
willing publicly
to state, oh yes, well,
it looks extraterrestrial.
But all of them were
absolutely saying
that this is serious
stuff and this
needs to be part of
our public discourse.
This is really important.
So yeah, I mean, watching their
transformation was honestly--
that was the real drama
of the entire week.
>>DAVID: And now that we've
got the Snowden disclosures,
of course, it is
possible for the public
not to know a very big secret,
and to have that secret kept
from the public.
Everybody would
say-- guys like you
and me used to get shot
at by people saying, well,
government can't even
find a piece of paper
in a file cabinet.
How are they going
to keep that secret?
You know, you ask them
for these documents,
they say, oh, we lost it.
So how could they
keep the secret?
>>DOLAN: Well, the
answer is that secrets
are kept in plain sight.
In a sense, it is
impossible to keep something
this big totally secret.
And in fact what's happened,
you have releases of documents,
you have leaks, sometimes
unauthorized leaks,
but they come out nonetheless.
But what they've
learned that they can do
is ignore or deny
or simply obfuscate
in one way or another, or
put their own spin on there,
or engage, when need be, in
active disinformation, which
the US intelligence
community has done relating
to UFOs from time to time.
So all of those are
effective enough
at keeping this thin veil
that's still in place.
Now how long it will be there is
a really interesting question,
and that's the
disclosure question.
You know, it reminds
me of the parable
of the emperor and no clothes.
You know, he wants
the finest fabric,
so this great con
man says, oh yeah,
I'll take care of you, buddy.
And he has nothing, and he's
stitching invisible things.
But everyone is convinced, oh my
god, this is the finest fabric.
And the emperor is parading in
his new clothing totally naked
down the street, and everyone's
afraid to say anything
except one little kid who says,
but he's not wearing anything.
And I think that's actually
where we're at right now.
We have such an
overt pack of lies
that have encrusted
our official discourse.
I think it's just waiting
for the right breeze
just to blow it
all away, and we're
going to realize
we've been living
in a completely illusory,
manipulated kind of reality.
>>DAVID: So if Roswell happens
all the way back in 1947--
we're talking almost
70 years ago now--
the military comes in
contact with technology only
some of which has
ever been made public,
and they've had it for 70 years.
>>DOLAN: It's quite possible
there was a retrieval back
in 1941, actually.
And this is something
that researchers often
kind of ignore.
But the more I look at it,
the more I think it happened.
This is not far from
St. Louis, in the middle
of the US in Missouri at Cape
Saint Gerard, it's called.
But anyway, so your point
is that they've held
onto this for yes, 70 years.
>>DAVID: And it would
make sense that if they
got the propulsion
system working,
they would go into space.
>>DOLAN: Yes.
Yes.
Yes again.
>>DAVID: So that's
a huge subjects.
And when I talk about a
breakaway civilization,
this is what I mean.
I mean, what is a
civilization anyway?
I mean, how do you
characterize it?
I would say the
level of technology
would be significant.
The social
interactions that they
have amongst themselves
and with others
would be a significant
defining characteristics.
And then maybe
cosmology, you know,
their idea of their
place in the universe.
All of these would help
to define a civilization.
And I would suggest that
what actually happened
in the classified world is that
this secret became something
that they ran away with,
as we were talking before.
Classified patents.
Well, whereas the
rest of the world
is not permitted to
continue along those lines,
this group is.
And you know, the way
scientific progress works,
one breakthrough
can lead to another,
which can lead to another
and lead to another.
The next thing you know,
these guys are way out there.
And are they going off
world with their own disks,
with their own objects?
Yeah, why not?
Why wouldn't they?
But it wouldn't be
something they could ever
tell the public.
>>DAVID: Well, and they'd want
to build bases, of course.
They don't want to
just go out there alone
in one little tiny cold ship.
>>DOLAN: Oh, I mean, David, when
I first broke into this field
years ago, I was
so conservative,
and I thought bases
on the far side
of the moon, that's impossible.
I don't think it's impossible.
I've had a number of very
detailed, deep conversations
with some individuals who
have made this clear to me
that this is so.
I had a conversation with the
scientist Russell Targ, who
was one of them.
>>DAVID: Yeah, I've met him.
>>DOLAN: Yeah, Russell's
a fascinating man.
He helped develop the
remote viewing program.
And Russell once
said to me, he said,
Richard, back in the early
1980s, one of my assignments
was to train remote viewers
at Fort Meade, Maryland,
whose job was to remote view
the far side of the moon.
Long pause.
I said, well, Russell,
why would they do that?
Trying to act innocent.
He said, well, why do you think?
He just throws it
right back out at me.
So I said OK, I'll bite.
Well, was it to look for ET?
And he said yes, it
was to look for ET.
I asked, did they find ET?
And he said, ah.
Didn't say that I knew that
that wasn't part of my job,
so he really wouldn't tell me
whether they did or didn't.
>>DAVID: But the
whole point is you
can't judge the accuracy
of remote viewing
unless you know that what
they're looking at is real
and that they're reporting
back to you what they saw.
>>DOLAN: Unless they
had very good reason
to think that there was an
extraterrestrial presence
on the far side of the
moon in the early 1980s.
If that's the case, would
we have our own motivation
for going there?
I think we would.
There are a number of
fascinating and compelling,
again, leaked accounts
dealing with what
is known as the alien
reproduction vehicle, that
is, our own attempt to
reproduce what they've gotten.
And it seems to me that we've
had some success with that,
and that's back in the 80s.
>>DAVID: So it's entirely
possible that we have a whole
division of the US military,
and militaries, potentially,
of other countries--
>>DOLAN: Right.
The question is,
who's in charge?
>>DAVID: That is
compartmentalized.
>>DOLAN: Exactly.
Is it a formally part
of the US military
is a question that I ask myself.
And it could be, but
it also might not be.
When we deal with black budget
economics and the black budget
in general, one thing
that we find more and more
is that it's
increasingly privatized.
That is, the real power
is not necessarily
with the US Defense Department.
The real power is
with the contractors,
Lockheed and Boeing, and
General Dynamics and those guys.
And they're international.
I mean, they may
be American based,
but they are international.
And so the question
is, who's really
running this black budget
technology and this what
I call breakaway civilization?
And you know, I'm
still on the road here.
I mean, I've been on this
journey for a number of years.
But I darn well better
keep going because I don't
have all of my own answers yet.
And one of the
things that I really
want to get a better handle on
is who exactly are these guys?
Who exactly is the true
structure of power?
I mean, we can assume
it's financial power.
We can assume it's
related to what I jokingly
call the masters
of our universe,
the financial banksters
and those Bilderberg
Group, Bohemian Grove
people and the like.
But who specifically are they?
And this is something
that I think
is still worth looking into.
>>DAVID: Well, and we've got
Eisenhower's infamous warning.
>>DOLAN: That's right.
A little too little
too late, but yes,
he did, warning about the growth
of the military industrial
complex.
I mean, I have a lot of sympathy
for Eisenhower at that time.
I think what happened is
he clearly realized that he
lost control of his military.
He was a five star general,
ran the Normandy invasion.
I mean, a revered president.
And if he-- and he really lost
control of the US military.
Quick story, and I know we're
probably pressed for time.
But right at the end
of his presidency,
Eisenhower, for several years,
had been trying to get a plan,
trying to understand
what the plan was
for nuclear retaliation.
So he would go to
Strategic Air Command
and say, what's our plan?
What are we doing?
And he finally, after
repeated requests,
got an audience at the
very end of his presidency.
And what he learned terrified
him, because what he realized
is that they were going to blow
the entire northern hemisphere
into smithereens.
And Eisenhower thought,
my god, what has happened?
And if I, the
president, can't get
control of our nuclear
policy, then we are hosed.
I think that was
one aspect of it.
>>DAVID: You have a video
of interviewing this guy who
apparently was tasked
by Eisenhower to invade
Area 51 militarily.
>>DOLAN: Let's talk about this.
So yeah, I was asked--
this is right before the
Citizen Hearing on Disclosure,
so early 2013 I was requested--
in fact by Stephen Bassett,
who knew about this guy--
and there was a video
team that knew about him.
And there was one researcher
who had cultivated
this man for some years.
And I was told this
man is very, very ill.
He may not be
around much longer.
He's got some
explosive information,
potentially explosive.
Would you do the interview?
And I eventually
agreed to do it.
We went up to
northern Minnesota.
I mean, we're shooting
this here in Minnesota.
He is a bit north
of where we are.
Drove up there in a lot
of snow not even knowing
if we'd be able to
get this interview,
because it was unsure
if he or his family
would finally agree to it.
We went up on a gamble.
I met him in a motel room,
and he comes in wheeled in.
His health was terrible.
But his basic
story is that yes--
I do have his DD 214,
his military record
of being in the army in the
late '50s, when he said he was.
It doesn't say CIA, but
it probably wouldn't.
And in fact, he was
never formally CIA.
His boss, he said, was
a CIA station chief.
And essentially what happened
was his job was doing signals
intelligence receiving UFO
data primarily from Europe
that then would be processed by
the CIA for their own purposes.
And in that capacity,
he said, you know, I
looked at various
interesting photographs, one
of a blended craft in Italy
with an apparent being.
Yeah, he described this.
I'm not sure if that
made the camera.
I thought it was on
YouTube, but maybe not.
But then the explosive
thing that he did
say to me was that he--
his boss, primarily, but he
was brought in with him--
and was tasked by
President Eisenhower,
he said, to go to Area 51,
where Eisenhower said to them,
I had been unable to get any
kind of sufficient information
about the status of
basically the ET technology
program there.
You guys are going to
get me some information.
And if I don't get
what I'm looking
for, this man said
to me, Eisenhower
threatened to invade Area 51--
his words.
>> To get in they have
this week, coming week,
get into Washington
and to report to me.
And if they don't, I'm
going to get the First
Army from Colorado and
we're gonna go over,
we're gonna take the base over.
I don't care what kind of
classified material you got.
We're gonna rip
this thing apart.
>> Eisenhower was
going to invade--
>> Yes, Area 51.
Yeah.
>>DAVID: That's huge.
>>DOLAN: You know,
it's incredible.
And there were a
number of other things
this man said which
were quite remarkable.
I will say this about this man.
I really loved this guy.
I mean, I got to
know him fairly well,
spoke with him for
a number of hours.
And I feel that he was an
honest and a very sweet man who
just decided at
the end of his life
that he wanted to
tell this story.
I will say, though, that
I don't know entirely 100%
how reliable all of
what he said is only
because I know he was on meds.
I know his physical
situation was bad.
And his memory did
seem very kind of foggy
about a lot of things.
Like he couldn't
remember the name of J.
Edgar Hoover, a lot
of basic things.
On the other hand,
his son-in-law
was with us during
this interview,
and I got to talk to the
son-in-law quite a bit.
Son-in-law, in my opinion,
was an absolutely rigorously
honest individual who
was deeply familiar
with his father-in-law's
story and stood by it.
These are churchgoing
people, very, very upright.
I didn't really see
deception in this man.
So I mean, my feeling is I
think that I believe him.
The problem that I have is how
does one vet a story like this?
How does one confirm
whether or not
the president made
such a plan or not?
According to this man's story,
they got enough information out
of Area 51, including he claims
he saw an alien being and got
a telepathic message from it,
which--this is on the YouTube
video.
The message was, we
mean you no harm.
That was what he claims to
have gotten telepathically
from this being.
>> The colonel said,
what we've got in here is
we're interviewing a gray alien.
>> All right, right there.
How did you feel at that moment?
>> Well, I thought, boy, we had
no idea we were going to see
the real thing.
All we saw was film.
>>DAVID: So how do you
see disclosure happening?
I mean, is it going to happen--
because a lot of people have
like a disclosure-gasm model,
like everything
just kind of-- it's
this jubilant,
wonderful celebration.
>>DOLAN: No, I've
never felt this way.
I think a lot of times I
get lumped into that camp
because I wrote a
book on disclosure.
And there are a number
of people who are
cheerleaders for disclosure.
I would characterize myself
as a believer in disclosure.
I think we need it.
If we're going to go
into a more mature phase
of our civilization, we
have to burst this bubble.
We have to lance this boil.
But I think it's going to
be a very messy procedure.
And I think it'll
happen by accident.
I don't think it's going
to be a planned event.
If it's a truly
planned event, I'm
going to have my own distrust
about the whole process.
But what's happened
in our society--
well, let's put it this way.
I look at disclosure
as a paradox,
as something that's
impossible but inevitable
at the same time.
It's impossible because
those people who've
got access to this secret--
in my view, they have
no incentive ever
for giving this up.
They have too much to lose.
Too many people
can go to prison.
Too much disruption
will be perceived,
and they just won't
want to do it.
But it's going to happen
because they're not
the only part of the equation.
Another part of
the equation is us,
a show like what
you're doing here,
and so many other researchers
and so many other people who
are ferreting out information.
We're in a completely
new era now.
And as I see it, the
real issue of disclosure
is going to be
something is forced out.
A president makes a statement.
You know, it's come
to my attention
after conferring with
the national security
advisers that some of
this UFO phenomenon
is legitimate and is not
ours, or something like that,
words to that effect.
Well, once that's
out, I mean, my god.
First of all, you've got
the fear factor and people
wondering, are these
beings hostile or not.
And at the moment of
disclosure, you probably
won't have the luxury of
having a little gray alien
on the podium with him, either.
Just because we
figure it out doesn't
mean that they're going
to be cooperative.
So there's going to be all
these arguments over what we're
dealing with, friend or foe,
all the questions that they
wondered about,
probably, in the 40s.
And then you're going
have the blowback,
a lot of angry citizens.
You know, there
are some people who
have a total
obedience to authority
and they'll just
accept anything.
But not everyone is this way.
And there will be
people who are going
to say, hey, you know what?
You've corrupted our
institutions for 70 years.
You've lied to us.
I've lived my entire
lifetime in this lie
and I'm a little bit
annoyed about it,
and I want to know
who's responsible.
And furthermore I'd
like to know how
did you manage and manipulate
our political institutions
and our academic
institutions and our media
to keep this lie going?
So that moment of
disclosure is going
to trigger a massive
re-evaluation
of our whole power structure.
And then there's
the energy paradigm.
My god.
You know, a child seeing
the instant acceleration
of an object is
going to realize,
intuit it's not gasoline.
Whatever it is, it's
better than gasoline.
So the UFO phenomenon
implicit in that
is a post-petroleum future.
And that is probably
the most massive thing
that I can imagine.
And I mean, we need a
post-petroleum future, clearly.
But it's also a
little bit scary.
You know, what
would the world look
like if we all had free energy?
Let's say that there's a
free energy solution to this.
I mean, it's a wonderful thing.
I would like to have it.
You would like to have it.
One thing I do wonder is how
would it change our world?
And the danger-- and again,
not wanting to create
fear-- but what if
free energy could
allow you to create
a really nifty bomb
that could blow up the
whole Pacific Ocean?
Not everyone's a team
player here on planet Earth,
and there are people who maybe
would do something like that.
There are all kinds of
variables here that my guess
is that those people
with the secret
are probably pondering
and thinking,
oh no, no, we can't trust
the people with this.
They may have a point.
On the other hand, we
have to remind ourselves
that people who keep
secrets typically
do it for reasons of
selfishness and self-promotion
and so forth.
I believe that
ultimately we need
to have something
like free energy,
or cheaper and cleaner
energy, if we're really
going to move on to a better
phase of our civilization.
And I believe we can do it.
I believe we can.
It would allow us to
feed ourselves better.
It would allow us, I think,
to provide better care
for this precious
planet we live on.
And if there's
anything that's going
to help us turn
around this planet
into moving into a
better world, then I
think a better form of
energy is going to be key.
Maybe what Tesla
envisioned, and what
is in evidence of
the UFO phenomenon
>>DAVID: Well, Rich, I
really want to thank you.
This has been a
wonderful interview.
>>DOLAN: I've enjoyed it.
Thank you, David.
>>DAVID: Thank you for being
part of this disclosure
process.
>>DOLAN: Appreciate it.
Thank you.
>>DAVID: Thanks
I think Rich is
absolutely right.
A better form of energy is
the key to a better world.
Once we stop
polluting the Earth,
once we can rid
ourselves of corruption,
we have the opportunity for
such a vastly expanded area.
Now Rich Dolan has
also spoken about
the breakaway civilization.
We got into that a little bit.
But he doesn't
really have that much
in the way of factual
information, the kind that he
likes in documents,
because this has
been kept very compartmentalized
and very secretive.
But if somebody
like Russell Targ
is saying that they used
the dark side of the moon
as a target for remote
viewers and openly admits
that you will find ET
when you look out there,
something is going on here.
I believe that we have
just seen a little bit
of the truth of what there
is to know about UFOs.
Rich Dolan has way,
way, way more to offer
than what we got through here.
This was just some
hors d'oeuvres.
There's so much of this data.
The proof has been satisfied.
What we've already given
you in these episodes,
in my view, is more
than enough to establish
the initial premise, which is
that UFOs definitely do exist,
they definitely have visited
us, they did crash here,
our government did back
engineer their technology.
And think about it.
If they have the ability
to fly into space,
that becomes common for them.
They establish bases,
they establish outposts,
they have people
working out there.
And it's not so far fetched.
It seems far fetched, because
we've lived in this lie
for so long.
But there are whistle blowers
starting to come forward,
and we're getting
more and more of them
who have spoken about
the Secret Space Program.
All of this information
for me is very fascinating
because it suggests
that we could
be right on the threshold of
breaking into the Star Trek
age.
The transportation beams,
the faster than light speed,
portals, meeting
all different types
of human or human-like
extraterrestrials, all of that
is so much closer to
us right now than we
could have ever believed.
And we just have to get
through this last little push
of the birthing pains to get
to that new reality that,
in ancient prophesies, has
been called the Golden Age.
So there's much more to
come here on Disclosure.
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
speaking truth to power
and giving power to the truth.